#summary Instructions for development environment configuration.

= Preparation =
Go to [http://code.google.com/p/tritonlink/downloads/list Downloads] page to get the tomcat, svn and jdbc.
MS SQL Sever 2012 Express can be downloaded from [https://www.microsoft.com/betaexperience/pd/SQLEXPWT/enus/ here]. (Choose the 64-bit version)

*Note:* For all the installation below, make sure that you run the program as an administrator to avoid the issue caused by authority.

= Tomcat =
  * Install apache tomcat server. Choose all the default settings.
  * To make sure that tomcat service is running, open a browser and type localhost:8080 in the address bar. If you see the tomcat homepage, it turns out that the server is working.
  * To start/stop the service, just right click the icon in system tray.

= Eclipse =
The following instructions will help you setup the JSP project in Eclipse.
  * Check whether your Eclipse contains WTP (Web Tool Platform). Go to Window->Preferences->Server->Runtime Environment to see if you can add a new server. Follow this [http://www.vogella.com/articles/EclipseWTP/article.html#configuration link] to see if you can setup the server. Contact me if you cannot.
  * To create a JSP project, go to File->New->New project->Web->Dynamic Web Project. Type the _Project name_ and choose the _Target runtime_ as the server you just setup. It should be Apache Tomcat v7.0. Keep rest of settings as default.
  * After the creation of the project, you will see a list of folders. Put your website page under the _WebContent_ folder.
  * Create a new file test.jsp and put the following code in it.
{{{
<%@ page language="java" contentType="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1"
    pageEncoding="ISO-8859-1"%>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/loose.dtd">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1">
<title>Hello World - JSP tutorial</title>
</head>
<body>
    <%= "Hello World!" %>
</body>
</html>
}}}
  
  * Follow [http://www.srccodes.com/p/article/2/JSP-Hello-World-Program-using-Eclipse-IDE-and-Tomcat-web-server this] link if you need more detail instructions.
  * Make sure that you stop the service before you run the program in Eclipse. There will be port conflict:(

= MS SQL Server =


= JDBC =
  * Extract the 


= SVN =
  * 